## Overview

This README file is intended to help with building the QA Automation Architecture towards a common goal with the final dream being a set of fixtures and tests that can work together to test any combination of our products from smoke to full regression.

## Prerequisites 
Pychram

## Installation

There is a requirements files in the root of the project names requirements that need to be pip installed.


## Checkout

The codebase is available for checkout from Git.

The main page is [HERE](https://github.com/vivekjsaraf/Robot-Framework-Demo.git) and in the upper left hand corner you will find the 'clone' icon that will allow you to copy a git link for either HTTP or SSH checkout.


It is, of course, recommended to install a virtual environment (venv) to hold the Python environment.


## Windows virtualenv  

- mkdir c:\virt_env  
- pip install --upgrade pip  
- pip install virtualenv  
- python -m venv c:\virt_env  
- c:\virt_env\Scripts\activate.bat  
- pip install -r c:\<path_here>\requirements.txt  

## Additional executables

This will install the required Python modules to run tests, but there are some helper files needed for Web GUI testing. The latest version of these files will be downloaded and used as necessary.

[Chromedriver](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads/) - Needed for Google Chrome, current testrunner version http://mirror.stc.eng/saltfiles/chromedriver/2.37/


## Structure

The project is structured with a common set of utilities that can be used across product line tests and individual folders for each product.
- TestSuites: This folder contains the test suites and test cases written in Robot Framework syntax. Test suites are usually organized based on functional areas or modules of the application under test.
- PageObjects: This folder may contain configuration files that define settings or variables used across test cases, such as base URLs, environment configurations, or global variables.
- Reports: This folder may store detailed test execution reports generated by Robot Framework, including HTML reports, XML reports, and other report formats.
- Resource: This folder may contain custom keywords or libraries created to abstract common functionalities or actions performed in the test cases. Keywords help in reusability and maintainability of test scripts.
- Drivers: This folder contain the webdrivers(broweser) required to run the test cases.
- .venv : It's recommended to create a virtual environment for the project to manage dependencies and ensure a clean and isolated Python environment for running the tests.
- Variables.robot: This file contain configurations that define settings or variables used across test cases, such as base URLs, environment configurations, or global variables.   
- Readme.md 


## Command Line Explanation
- To run a single test case in Robot Framework, you can use the following command in the terminal or command prompt:
    robot -d Results --test "Test Case Name" path/to/your/test/file.robot

- To run all test suites in Robot Framework, you can use the following command in the terminal or command prompt:
    robot -d Results .\TestSuits\*.robot
